Each group member should provide feedback on the other group members’ work. Be detailed and specific where possible. The quality of this feedback can play a part in your grade.

You can provide feedback to your group members in many different ways (live in a meeting, offline, or however else you devise) but the feedback must be documented here! 

Please replace “Feedback giver #x” with a group member’s name below and add feedback as a bulleted list below. Note: There is a pencil icon on the top right of the README file (when you are viewing the README.md file) that allows you to edit.

- Feedback from Max Campbell
  + My main piece of feedback is that I think that some of the narrative aspects of the write-up could be re-phrased to be a bit more explanatory, so that we suit the write-up to our target audience more precisely. For example, in Method 1.1, you say: "The logic behind this method: generate a list of different c values..." While all the content is there, the structure of it could potentially leave a reader from our target audience (a person who understands the basics, but would need further explanation for more advanced concepts) with questions about the process. Going back to the example, we could instead say "The logic behind this method is that we are aiming to minimize the root mean squared error (RMSE) by using a grid search algorithm. A grid search algorithm creates a sequence of values `c` which we are calling a grid..." and so on.
    - Note from Franklin: Thanks for your suggestion. I modified some narratives.  
  + There a few missing words/typos throughout, I'd just make sure to proofread everything before we submit. Most of the ones I noticed were in Method 1.1
    - Note from Franklin: Thanks for your suggestion. I tried my best to correct them.
  + In general, I don't see any glaring errors in your code and the logic all seems sound. In terms of the formatting, I notice that you nest functions within other functions a lot. It might be easier to read the code itself if you bring the nested functions out into the main level, but that could just be more preferential than anything. Beyond that, great job on this!
    - Note from Franklin: At first, I did not use the nested functions but when I check the instruction, Dr. Post requires that "7. Wrap the above into **a function** that takes in a column of data and outputs the value of c."
  + I don't think this is required at all, but I think it would be cool to compare the accuracy of the algorithms to each other in some manner. For example, you could compare how each valid method performs for one (or more) of the variables in the data. It would make for a fitting conclusion!
    - Note from Franklin: That's a good idea! Unfortunatelly, the accuracy of the output depends on customer input settings so it would be impossible to compare which algoritm gives more precise value.
  +  Overall, good job! I think you're in a good spot.
    - Note from Franklin: Thank you very much!



- Feedback from Cody Ashby
  + After reading through the section on the grid search algorithm, it looks fairly solid outside of a few typographical errors in the narrative (e.g. missing words that could interrupt the reading flow, incorrect spelling, etc.). Personally, I think having a text cell in between code cells would be beneficial in keeping with the Good Programming Practices that's strongly encouraged in courses like thsse, even if it means a short sentence describing what you're about to do. I'm still learning the ropes on these GPPs myself, though, so there might be more pressing issues on that front.
     - Note from Franklin: Thanks for your advice. Sorry that I did not explain every line of code because I assume a new python learner understand that without interpretation.
  + I also think the context of the narrative itself may be a bit too technical for the target audience (i.e. someone who's relatively new to statistics and/or programming). Simplifying some of the verbiage in describing the algorithm and applying it to the dataset can help alleviate any potential concerns from those that aren't familiar with numerical techniques, which definitely requires at least some kind of knowledge in calculus.
     - Note from Franklin: Indeed... I tried my best to explain what I did but it's not very easy to explain calculus idea clearly. Maybe I need to add some figures to explain?
  + The code for the grid search algorithm is mostly great; the only exception I can think of at this point in time is to see if, as per the instructions, list comprehension can be used to "loop over the grid of c values, finding the RMSE for each value of c" right after defining your RMSE function in Method 1.1; if not, that's okay. I also think out of concern for the target audience, using nested functions might not be the best approach; this can be true especially for people that may understand the math behind the algorithm, but can barely create their own functions in any programming language. Method 1.2 is slightly better due to utilizing more than one variable; would list or dictionary comprehension accomplish the same goal for making a list of the RMSEs for the `C6H6(GT)` response and the `PT08.S1(CO)` predictor? Again, if not, no worries.
     - Note from Franklin: Good catch for "Use list comprehension" part. As to the nested function, I did not use the nested functions but when I check the instruction, Dr. Post requires that "7. Wrap the above into **a function** that takes in a column of data and outputs the value of c." So I changed it.
  + Both parts of Method 2 could use improvement in polishing the narratives so that it'll be easier for the target audience to "digest", so to speak, since this algorithm involving gradient descent is way more complicated. It may be as simple as clarifying the derivation of the algorithm or further explaining interpretations of results. Although the structure of the code is similar to that used in Method 1, it's rock solid!
     - Note from Franklin: I agree with you! That algorithm is not easy to understand indeed.
  + From my perspective, only a few tweaks here and there in the markdown cells. Regarding my comment on using nested functions, I think it would help to include a reminder that functions can be nested within each other. Optional suggestion: the code is great, but I doubt it wwould hurt to make an adjustment here or there for ease of reading through it. If you don't think that's necessary, that's okay. Kudos either way!
     - Note from Franklin: Thank for your suggestion. I'll improve it.
